# HonorsThesis

	With technology being so prevalent today, it’s important for people to learn about it so that they can apply it in the future. With colleges and professors able to distribute this information, they should have an easy way to access it all. The goal of this paper is to create a website that professors and students, alike, can use to easily obtain information about computer science. This will focus mainly on assistance for professors, as this website will allow for easy creations of study guides and exams to provide to students. 
	The site will start at a home page that introduces the user to the concepts of the website. At the top are navigation links for the user to click on that will take them to other pages to view information: the search page, their shopping cart, and a page to submit questions.  
	The search page starts with a form with multiple search queries and parameters that the user can click to specify the type of questions that they want. This includes what language of coding they are looking for, the number of questions they would like, and how long they expect the exam to be. Once the user hits “Submit,” the site searches through its database for questions that match the parameters the user chose. It then displays all those questions with clickable links that will direct the user to another page that has more details on the question that they chose, like the answer to the question and the tags of traits of that question. From here, the user can choose to go back to the list of questions or add this question to their cart, which will be a collection of all the questions that they would like on their exam.
	The shopping cart page consists of all the questions that the user chose to be there from the search page. From here, the user will be able to remove any questions that they don’t want or “create their exam,” which will just list all of the questions in their shopping cart in order for them to print it out.
	The “add a question” page has another form for the user to fill out. The user will need to input a question and answer for what they want to be added to the database. They will also need to select tags, from a list of tags, that match the question as much as possible to make it possible for the question to be searched for. 
	As for the database, there will be…..
